[Music]
super villains
sad souls and costumes wanting you to
think they're all
dark and deep what's the like
living life as a punchline
but all it would take would be one
blessed act of rebellion
for you to restore your dignity in its
entirety
[Music]
you know the deal complete the mission
you get 10 years off your sentence
you fail to follow my orders in any way
and i detonate the explosive device in
the base of your skull
love him or hate him these are your
brothers and sisters for the next few
days
any questions and yes
that is your hand very good we're all
gonna die
i hope so oh for god's sake
this is suicide that's kind of our thing
like a bloodbath to start the day
they call you peacemaker
i cherish peace with all my heart i
don't care many men women and children i
need to kill to get it
i thought you were the crazy one oh yeah
here's the deal we failed a mission you
die we find out any information you give
us is false
you die if we find out you have
personalized license plates
you die what no
ladies and gentlemen we have a new
edition h
particle security specializing cache
trucks across la
do you have any idea how dangerous this
job can be
shall i do yeah we ain't the predators
with a prey
you ready ready
this is your temporary sidearm why is it
full of pulling pistols in the machine
gun fine do you have a problem
i don't know do i it's a 10 grand drop
you should have been back five minutes
ago
they're serious leave this to me
get in the truck next time sorry pal
it doesn't feel right
[Music]
it's like he wants trucks to get hit
he's not a cop but if he's not a cop
what is he while back
we lost two cars for civilian too there
was an investigation
they still haven't found a scum who did
it
you were in an accident one more son
he didn't make it i need to not kill my
son
tree has been shook and it's been shook
hard
we've scorched earth always be a good
boy
you started by saying you do anything
what i'm hearing is
you think you've done everything
[Music]
i can see it's gonna be a long night
it's gotta be an inside job
i can do it in two weeks
you know what i wish you could do in 20
years
i'll do very grudge
[Music]
this package just came in
get everybody out here
[Music]
play me
hello detective banks do you know where
your officers are
jigsaw wait i thought the jigsaw killer
was dead
he is
finding their hours not days how can i
catch this guy
if there's nobody on the bus i can fuss
you can't do this alone
whoever did this has another motive
something personal
was the last time you saw your father
[Music]
all available units officer down that
was just a diversion
to get us out of the precinct
i need everyone on this case
it could be anywhere he could be anyone
we're gonna tear this city apart
[Music]
hello detective banks when was the last
time
you saw your father
my husband took the boat out on the lake
he took a handgun that i didn't even
know that we owned and
[Music]
did he leave a note he did
you were right there is
nothing nothing is after you
you're safe now
you said you were safe
[Music]
you know that we're paying people to do
that right you don't have to do it all
yourself
owen
i didn't think we had secrets everybody
has secrets
it's our house but backwards
what the hell was he doing
you were right you were right
there is nothing
you're safe now
safer alive
[Music]
hey last month i went dancing at this
cute spot in florida
where my roommate's girl made like five
g's a night
[Music]
we just met yesterday and you're already
trying to take whole trips together
be ready by two hi there
you wanna hear a story about how me and
this fell out it's kind of long
but it's felicia's face
you wanna go somewhere with me that's my
face shut it
dear heavenly
with good credit what brings
y'all here
we making some money money cities money
cities from here on out watch every move
this make
[Applause]
word
y'all want a trap okay wait hold up
do not trip i got you girls
a real nice spot this is messy
you are messy your brain is broke
is this what you came here for do it
look like i came for this
money i'm so proud of you
i don't with you no more i didn't
do nothing wrong
i came to dance no no no no we're never
back
why you want my twitter why are you on
my facebook why are you on my timeline
why are you dming me
sis why are you tagging me in photos you
don't even with me let me know
let me know yes it is
[Music]
some farmers buy their seeds from big
guys every year to plant
me i saved my own i'm a seed saver
[Music]
what do you think what did that set you
back it's an investment
i told you
package for mr percy schmeister
monsanto is claiming the canola you grew
in 97 contained a technology
in the seeds gene that they created
i never bought their seed tests showed
substantial contamination
where are those mine grandpa monsanto
will say that everything you grew
is their property they sure got people
talking stole my sandal seed
you know i'm not a thief feels like
you're angling for a fight
will percy have to testify definitely is
that going to be a problem
getting his driver's license photo is
too much limelight for him
mr schmeiser i'm rebecca salko i'm here
to help you with your case
you try to fight them on your own you
will lose they're tearing our community
apart
they go after anyone who speaks out
against them i get sued for doing the
same thing my family's been doing for
hundreds of years so you did do it on
purpose
you ready for this percy this is a
precedent set in case
there are thousands of people who want
to support you monsanto says obama's
rights don't matter
we gotta keep fighting hey first can i
get your autograph
no a david and goliath legal battle in a
case where farmers around the world are
watching very closely
we've heard your story you're fighting
back you bring us home
1.2 million that's how much you are
we're gonna lose the farm
if you win no farmer could ever be sued
for saving seeds
that's again we're going to the supreme
court is that something your lawyers
have advised
i haven't told them yet
[Music]
oh they're calling them the wild mob
brought together by one man baywater
here's the kid that's the kid you pulled
out of the creek
you're going to kill my uncle i say that
depends on you
if we're gonna work together you should
learn to shoot just stay calm
gently squeeze the trigger
when you've got the high ground you
control everything
my grandfather wants to know if you got
any power
you stand for justice absolutely then
you give us
justice for the man who killed my family
you know our civilizations built
something bad men
doing bad things bad men like me and you
what are you doing you lied say it
whatever mate do you think you could
change who you are
i want to introduce our new flatmate
a funny thing happened to omar on his
way to freedom hey
you're one of their refugees yes fate
took a detour what's your name pal omar
right omar don't pull up shite or like
rape anyone right okay
you want to left back up to 10 paul now
he's stuck
in limbo what would he do if they let
you stay i would like to wear
suit then work in office i was taking a
chance to make life better
i want to play for chelsea football club
one wrong step and they will deport us
you ever think about who you were
for all of this i cannot be myself back
home
very famous maybe a little maybe i could
be your agent
like tom cruise of jelly mcguire
[Music]
you will all have to draw an experience
from your past
for example i used to have a dog
but then she got rabies so i had to kill
her
what instrument is that anyway it's like
a guitar
or we should organize a concert and we
could have a finger buffet at the
interval
on behalf of my client i think this very
good idea
you can be whatever you want as long as
you work hard enough
hey paul want a leaflet thank you
yes bing bong bing bong
hello
we think that if we have the right
amount of money
if we have the right amount of
recognition
we'll find perfect human happiness
but i tried and it didn't work
my life as a musician has taken me to a
lot of very odd places
[Music]
i grew up with two very angry parents
who were screaming at each other and
drinking
at an early age i found music and then
there was this day when i learned how to
mix
two records together it was like
magic
in 1990 i put out a song called go
i thought it was fantastic and a lot of
other people thought that too
all of a sudden i had a big hit single
and every day i drank more i started
doing drugs i was
out of control and i learned my mom died
and i missed her funeral because i was
in bed drunk passed out
everything i'd ever wanted had been
given to me and i'd never been more
depressed
deep down we assume that if anyone looks
too closely
they'll be repelled i was working on
this album play
and it just sounded terrible to me
slowly but surely everybody who
discovered the music felt like there was
something special there
it started off small and then it just
kept selling more i was able to take the
fear
and make it beautiful
none of this was expected
making music has been baffling
confusing but wonderful
it sounds like hyperbole but music saved
[Music]
me